add subscription support matrix and automation installer link (#22)
qlik-oss/qlik-cloud-entitlement-analyzer: README.md

## Installing/ updating

These applications can be installed via an interactive Qlik Application Automation [installer](https://community.qlik.com/t5/Official-Support-Articles/Qlik-Cloud-Monitoring-Apps-Workflow-Guide/ta-p/2134140) or [manually](/../../releases) using the PDF guide.

> ## Tenant Subscription Support
> 
> Certain monitoring apps only support specific subscription types. Refer to the subscription support matrix for this app below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Subscription Compatibility

Some monitoring apps are designed for specific Qlik Cloud subscription types. Refer to the subscription compatibility matrix for this app below.
```
Compatibility ++ design

Author: Can we instead link to the parent repo [here](https://github.com/qlik-oss/qlik-cloud-monitoring-apps?tab=readme-ov-file#applications)?
